Added info for mgr-ssl-cert-setup (bcs#1229079) (#3366)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added information for running mgr-ssl-cert-setup with 5.0 and containers
>   (bcs#1229079)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added information for running mgr-ssl-cert-setup with containers
  (bsc#1229079)
```
Better w/o version number.  Uyuni is also affected ;)
